d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\ScreenShot.exe.config
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\ScreenShot.exe
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\ScreenShot.pdb
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\obj\Debug\ScreenShot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\obj\Debug\ScreenShot.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\obj\Debug\ScreenShot.exe
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\obj\Debug\ScreenShot.pdb
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Log.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Common.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Messages.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.ShellScalingApi.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Validation.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Win32Interop.User32.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Log.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Common.pdb
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Common.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Messages.pdb
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Dapplo.Windows.Messages.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Kernel32.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.Core.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\PInvoke.Windows.ShellScalingApi.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Validation.xml
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\bin\Debug\Win32Interop.User32.pdb
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\obj\Debug\Interop.Win32_TPMLib.dll
d:\Users\taoji\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ScreenShot\ScreenShot\obj\Debug\ScreenShot.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
